1st of January 2022 I tried to leave Ukraine to see my Polish friends. I pay ticket forth and back pay taxi pay covid test and hotel room. 
I've got valid international passport of all the type and for very stupid mistake because we've got two types of passport in Ukraine two types of international passports of Ukraine i've was enabled to leave Ukraine. I ask for temporary visa for seven days and I've got proven record of visiting Europe during last 15 years. 

My second attempt was planted at seven of 7 of March 2022 but due to war was unable to leave Ukraine. I try to travel to Joanna Masijan to Luxembourg. Due to strict rules in the Luxembourg I must to take full covid vaccination what I am start taking from January. 
Third of March 2022 during I'm going to hospital to received my paper certification of vaccination I was stopped by armored people in this way. 
I work on sidewalk two gentlemen's in red car on full speed going on the direction of sidewalk and stopped in one meter in front of me. It will goes from full speed with hard break. Both persons looks like civilians one person hold automatic rifle, door was in health open he sitting the car and pointing at me by weapon. Car driver exit from the car and say I must immediately stopped. 
Hey buddy you get lost? he asking me 
No 
Why you need GPS on your mobile phone 
I'm not often visiting hospital last time my did this by car and now I'm working to the space so it must be somewhere here and something wrong? 
Yeah buddy with you definitely something wrong, you looks like Russian occupant, do you have documents 
Yeah I've got documents, and do you have documents, I'm even don't know ho me asking
Can you show me?
Sure?
He took his some territorial defence document and show me.
I opened my bag and there is a lot of documents inside because I'm sailor and I took all documents and certification with me in case if you start in something like active war phase and bombing i've got all necessary documents with me. 
He spot this documents, why you need so many documents you are hiding from somebody 
I took my passport open it and inside my passport was folded some money and they drop on the ground I am slowly give my passport to this guy he was in the regular civilian dress same as another guy in the car 
You say you drop your money I say I will pick it up and I slowly try to pick up my money do not have been shoot 
He took my passport hey buddy you from the city you definitely get lost from who you hiding man 
I tell him I am not hiding i'm simply living in house here in the village, we both this house before and during all these years maintain it 
Show me all of your documents I don't trust you if you don't like to be shoot 
Adele him how for this is certification and how of this documents it's documents from increasing qualification 
And show him random qualification document. It was issued by Seafarer center of Odessa National Maritime Academy 

He asks show him pockets after that he asked me where I am going again 
I tell him like I did covid certification but dear due to war not working in that video and I can get this certification from the local hospital 
Yeah okay whatever he told me I ask him like where the hospital like I will not use GPS you just point I know it's somewhere near 
He say you will find it go in the car and they drive. 
It was really scary, we stay there and speaking with him during something like 30 minutes and they left I feel extremely uncomfortable it realizing I can be shot simply by quickly go and pick up my money during day fall or any other stupid situation thanks Julie I'm a sailor and I learn reaction of lot of people and try to be open and careful as much as it can do human

I visit hospital took on necessary documents was extremely disappointing in this situation and try to get as soon as possible to home, i've got panic attack I tried to stay calm but I want run I won run and run until my heart not stopped or I will not reach my home. 
During came home I worried this people will go to this place because I mentioned this location and I not sure what this people are иге of course show me some documents where was his name and mention about he is a territorial Defense member
